groans back with more TV news yes indeed
it's Jonathan Ross's last Friday night
on the BBC before he comes over here to
ITV where the studios are paved with
gold we'll have more coming up shortly
now telling us what's going on the world
of TV what's happening well the big news
is of course it's the end of an era
after 13 years it's the last Friday
night with Jonathan Ross tonight it's
it's kind of amazing actually think that
it's all over for him he started with
channel 4 is a researcher gotta know
about Zack gates we know what happened
Russell Brand but he has come back from
that and I think you know although he's
waving goodbye and he apparently was
very emotional during the recording of
this that M it's coming over to ITV so
it's all good it's all good it's not
that sad really sad David Beckham on the
show which I definitely know it then
we're taking a lot come on this madness
must end soon now Susan Boyle has
launched and I suppose a drive to find
somebody to do it with her she got her
big break of course on Britain's Got
Talent
went from zero to a huge phenomenal star
she wants to give somebody else the
opportunity so she has a duet on her
upcoming album she's going to have the
song silent night and she's asked for
people to get in touch to enter and I
never look at some of the people who've
been on so far if you're interested
about at all Susan boy music.com
and her YouTube channel and you've got
until 23rd of July to get involved
absolutely we have all those details
coming up with look what I have around
me here an embarrassment of riches we
got Margaret fine on ITV isn't there
isn't that always the case isn't there
always exactly what new brand new quiz
show presented by Bradley Walsh called
art one in it's great yes I've seen the
promo it's very silly but it's very very
good fun the the panelists are Peter
Andre Jason Manford they lead teams
you've got a lineup of peculiar people
and you have to pick the real McCoy out
of each on take a look nothing like him
at all and and and the whole show
continues in that vein it's it's a good
piece of fun the next thing which I've
really really enjoyed watching is the
first in the new five pirate series
about an audience with and it's history
it is
and it's just as much about the people
who have had the audience with like the
Spice Girls like Joe Pasquale like Dame
Edna Everage
who said three of them as it is about
the audience who take part and some
people go back and back and back again
and we have a clip of them Dame Edna and
Chris Tarrant narrates it's great it is
and there are so many clips like that
and make you look at why it has been a
cornerstone of my TV schedule over the
years it's absolutely on miss Taggart
more murder of summer murder on the
silence during the week there's more
murder in Scotland this is I mean it's
it's gritty and it's really really good
we'll have a look at the clip and I
talked about that okay I love it it's
like The Sweeney in Scotland it's really
really good and well worth watching well
worth watching okay have a nice weekend
you too doing it
I'm hoping to watching the Sun going
down and go away Bay this weekend I head
home to Ireland very nice see you next
week I'll run into you and what's nice
is name what are you dancing he's
watching golf try black my man to Penn &
Teller show as well Hidan sitting in
front of the telly